it's almost time for a new predator
movie which means we're gonna cram your
head full of useful background about
this intergalactic species of outdoor
enthusiasts but let's not get lost in
the weeds this time you don't need to
know which drug lords get picked off in
what order and predator 2 so we're gonna
keep this two vital information about
predator dumb only the 1987 original
predator opens with this shot of a
spacecraft landing on earth so fact
number one these predators are from
space see how easy this is next we meet
a team of human mercenaries entering the
Central American jungle on a supposed
rescue mission honored swardson ager
plays the group's leader called Dutch
he's not Dutch though he's Austrian
Americans though I think soon after
entering the jungle the team finds
another group of commandos all dead and
the bodies have been hung up and skinned
Dutch and his men don't know it yet but
they're being stalked by a member of an
alien species one that's obsessed with
the most dangerous game laser tag no
sorry it's humans the most dangerous
game is hunting humans this predator is
one hell of a hunter too he can follow
humans easily using heat vision he's got
a powerful pulse cannon on his shoulder
that can rip through a human body like a
tree-ripened papaya he can even record
human voices just like Kevin McCallister
yes yes but perhaps most terrifying of
all the predator has a cloaking device
it turns out that dutchess squads rescue
mission is actually a destroy an entire
guerrilla base for the CIA mission yeah
stick around which does not go over well
with Dutch so cooked up a story and drop
the six of us in a meat grinder this
probably won't come up again in any
future sequels we just love the
relationship between Dutch and Dillon
what happened to doing
I woke up oh the tension and a million
Dutch 'land shippers are born before
they can veil the predator starts
picking off Dutchess men one by one it
basically becomes a slasher film only
the slasher is a lizard man from space
and a kinky fishnet Iron Man suit
besides a love for killing predators are
also keen collectors but of course Dutch
doesn't scare so easily please we can
kill it turns out that Duchess team is
very good at bleeding because pretty
soon the predator kills all of them
except for him and their prisoner Anna
realizing that the predator will only
kill people who are armed and can fight
back it didn't to Leah because of my mom
Dutch memorably sends Anna to the
rendezvous point
and prepares to do one-on-one battle
with the Beast as only mr. universe
could he pulls a Rambo and covers
himself in mud to elude the Predators
heat-vision makes a series of elaborate
traps in almost no time at all also like
Rambo and even verbally taunts the
predator touching the predator engaged
in some epic jungle warfare ending in
Dutch getting the best of his alien foe
but in a true show of terrible space
sportsmanship would that be spaceman
ship the predator detonates a bomb using
a console on his wrist even giving a
chuckle as he doesn't
Dutch manages to dive out of the way
just in time and he and Anna get to the
choppa and leave the jungle in one piece
and now we move on to predator 2 which
came out in 1990 but is set in the near
future of 1997 Los Angeles see it turns
out predators have been coming to Earth
for years because they're attracted to
hot climates and violence
Iwo Jima Cambodia Beirut drawn by heat
and conflict so what downtown LA that's
being ripped apart by gang turf wars
sounds downright irresistible especially
at the height of summer so the predator
is cutting his way through the local
gangs behaving much as he did with the
girls and the jungle he selects target
skins them hangs the bodies upside down
and recovers his trophies Danny Glover
stars as Harrigan the very sweaty LAPD
detective who's investigating these
mysterious new predator killings he's
pretty tough
so of course the new predator takes an
interest in him right away Gary Busey
plays a government agent named Kees
who's been covertly tracking predators
we are two-thirds of the way to a lethal
weapon reunion here there's your killer
wonderfully the feds have learned about
the incident from the first predator
movie and want to capture a predator
alive to dissect it and steal its
technology mark yeah that plan does not
go well
[Music]
the predator also has a new weapon a
sharp flying smart disc he uses to kill
keys of course Harrigan survives and
faces off against the predator one on
one eventually Harrigan finds his way
into the Predators underground ship
inside the ship there is a trophy
collection which includes some human and
alien skulls
now eagle-eyed viewers will note that
one of the skulls resembles a xenomorph
from the alien films an early clue as to
where this franchise was unfortunately
going to take us 14 years later the
predator returns to the ship still alive
but Harrigan kills it with its own smart
disk he is we can only assume getting
too old for this then some more
predators appear but rather than
attacking they take away the body of
their fallen comrade and reward Harrigan
with a trophy of his own a vintage gun
that confirms they've been coming to
earth for centuries
just a side note here there's a comet
called predator 1718 that tells the
story of how a predator got this pistol
by fighting pirates now there are rumors
that this was supposed to be the third
predator movie and I think we can all
agree that predator using Jack Sparrow
spine as a jump rope would be a much
cooler movie than the one we're doing
next alien vs. predator now there's
still some disagreement among fans about
whether or not the alien versus Predator
films are canonical and either franchise
but nothing here directly contradicts
what we've already learned in the first
two Predator films so we're counting
them according to AVP Predators have
been coming to earth since long before
the 1700s in fact they visited a
primitive human civilization that
predated even ancient Egypt they taught
humans how to build
and we're worshipped as gods these
ancient predators would come to earth
every 100 years for a good old xenomorph
hunt with humans being the lucky hosts
and the people that get to kick the
whole thing off
humans were used to breed the ultimate
Debray okay cut to present day 2004
wealthy industrious Charles Weyland as
in weyland-yutani from the Alien
franchise but that's a whole other cram
it has discovered an ancient hidden
temple beneath the ice on an Antarctic
island and hired a team to explore it
it's a pyramid containing hundreds of
rooms but oh they were actually lured
there by three predators who hope to use
them to breed some more aliens which
they can then hunt it's like a training
thing or a ritual thing or something it
doesn't matter now you may notice that
Weyland is played by Lance Henriksen who
also played Bishop the Android and James
Cameron's aliens it's a clever little
callback implying that Weyland designed
the company's androids in his own image
or that they created Bishop as a tribute
to him
it also has nothing to do with predators
sorry about that
the humans accidentally triggered the
start of the hunt when they enter the
temple and steal these predators
shoulder blasters which causes the
Predators to chase after them
these poor predators just want their
guns back this is all a wacky
misunderstanding most of the human team
gets killed including Weyland
and then of course as the title promised
a Predator versus an alien
the Predators high tech outer space
armor is still affected by the
Xenomorphs acid blood but less than
human skin or clothing would be finally
only the humans plucky guide Alexa and
one predator remain to fight off all the
surviving Xenomorphs including an alien
queen in a first for the series Alexa
and her new pal bond and develop a
mutual respect see their friends now
sadly before falling to her death the
alien queen kills this last predator as
we saw in predator 2 more predators
appear to take away their dead and
reward Alexa for her survival skills but
in a shocking twist it turns out the
dead predator had an alien growing
inside of it which means this new alien
it's gonna have mandibles
that's right mandibles the next aliens
vs. predator movie is called Requiem
because why not that sounds dramatic and
it opens right where the first AVP left
off the alien predator hybrid baby yeah
I said it grows up and kills all the
regular predators on board
kids these days am i right the alien
predator hybrid jumps in a ship and
Rockets back toward Earth oh man he was
already at Saturn too they were making
such a good time eventually the ship
crashes down in the Colorado wilderness
now this release is not only the alien
predator mashup but a number of
facehuggers that the Predators were
keeping onboard as conversation pieces I
guess they start doing their thing and
impregnating humans with xenomorph
chestburster babies you know pretty
standard and we cut to our first ever
shot of the actual
redditor home planet an unnamed predator
and aren't they all unnamed receives
some kind of distress call from the
downed ship and discovers that Zeno more
sir on the loose now in past entries
predators have not cared at all if
humans discovered what they've been up
to in fact they're big fans of leaving
evidence of their activities in the form
of the freshly skinned corpses of your
best pals but AVP : our introduces a new
wrinkle what if we forgot about
established continuity so we meet this
one predator who's basically a one alien
fixer / cleanup crew he's Harvey Keitel
from pulp fiction but with mandibles I'm
Winston wolf
I saw problems in fact onset they
apparently nicknamed this character wolf
after Harvey Keitel's character so
that's what I'm gonna call him from now
on
wolf uses a glowing blue liquid to
dissolve the bodies of aliens and any
humans that they might have killed he
also has some new gadgets these little
charges he plants on the sewer walls
create deadly laser grids into which he
can fling his enemies he's also got an
Indy style whip and a pulse blaster he
fires with his hands like a shotgun
okay so Xenomorphs and the alien
predator remakes get loose and run amok
through the town killing lots of people
I think this movie is shot so
relentlessly dark it's honestly hard to
tell what's happening no seriously they
actually made a shootout at the power
station a major plot point as an excuse
to keep all of the lights off the entire
time but if you're in the market for a
film about the outlines of Famous
Monsters possibly hitting each other in
the rain this is the film for you
eventually a guy named Dallas references
the first movie get to the chopper and
Wolff and the predator alien hybrid kill
one another
it really doesn't matter though because
moments later the government drops a
nuclear bomb on the town instantly
killing almost everyone we just spent 90
minutes training our eyes so hard to see
aliens versus Predator it's not just
dark it's also grim and the final scene
a government official delivers a
briefcase containing the predator
shotgun weapon to a stern-looking
businesswoman and it turns out her name
is this isn't for our world wait for it
is it Mizutani get it like the
weyland-yutani corporation they probably
had some grand plan to tie this whole
thing together in a third bad movie but
now we'll never know we just have to
live with our current still vague
knowledge of this fictional future
corporate merger if you even want to
call that living
whatever let's move on okay enough
predators hunting aliens we want to see
predators hunting people again and also
apparently aliens as well again 2010's
predators opens with a bunch of badasses
from all around the earth and even some
other planets waking up in midair
parachutes open automatically and they
find themselves deposited in a strange
and unfamiliar jungle I've never seen
this jungle and I've seen most that's
Royce a mercenary and Isabelle a sniper
with the Israeli Defense Force they're
joined by a bunch of other soldiers
criminals and killers and also Topher
Grace who's apparently just a
mild-mannered doctor the group soon
realizes they're on an alien planet and
and I think this is going to sound
familiar to you by now they are being
hunted for sport this planet is a game
preserve all right a game it turns out
Isabela's read a summary of the first
movie which really helps fill in some of
the backstory for everybody else six men
plus a CIA liaison only one made it out
he said they came in contact with
something he gave a detailed
descriptions that was really handy but
there are still a few new wrinkles this
time out that no one's prepared for
mainly that the planet is occupied by
two different warring tribes of
predators the larger ones hunt the
smaller ones there are the classic
predators we've all grown to know and
love including this one who's been
captured and tied to a totem and then
there are bigger
redditors who wear all black and have
better more advanced armor helmets and
weapons because we just can't leave well
enough alone one of these new predators
has a fancy drone and they all have new
and more elaborate scanners and imaging
displays in their helmets plus the new
predators use these horned creatures to
weigh hunters on earth use dogs to flush
out their prey so they do the predator
thing and start picking off
Earth's Mightiest killers one by one
also they claim they're disgusting
trophies do you think high schools on
predator world have trophy cases anyway
soon enough there's only one predator
and three humans left Royce Isabel and
spider-man origins venom who turns out
to not be a regular doctor at all but
the secret serial killer kind of dr.
Johnson he tries to kill Isabel but
Royce intervenes paralyzes them and uses
him as a trap as one does royce lights
the surrounding area on fire to disguise
his heat signature from the beast but it
doesn't really work right because of the
fancy new tech still he and Isabel when
the day only to see more humans and
aliens being dropped onto the game
preserve planet plot twist
a new hunt appears ready to begin
starting Friday September 14th with the
release of Shane likes the predator see
what I did there they didn't even pay us
for this we do it just to arm you with
all the predator knowledge you'll need
to know to learn the most valuable
lesson of all that the choppa you need
to get to was inside of you all along
thanks for watching the crown on
predator let us know what you thought
and as always we'll see you next time